---
layout: post
title:  "Quotes"
date:   2015-01-05 11:02:11
categories: 
---

> The pleasures of childhood should in the main be such as the child extracts from his environment by means of some effort and inventiveness. Pleasures which are exciting and at the same time involve no physical exertion, such, for example, as the theatre, should occur very rarely. The excitement is in the nature of a drug, of which more and more will come to be required, and the physical passivity during the excitement is contrary to instinct. A child develops best when, like a young plant, he is left undisturbed in the same soil. Too much travel, too much variety of impressions, are not good for the young, and cause them as they grow up to become incapable of enduring fruitful monotony.
>
I do not mean that monotony has any merits of its own; I mean only that certain good things are not possible except where there is a certain degree of monotony... A generation that cannot endure boredom will be a generation of little men, of men unduly divorced from the slow processes of nature, of men in whom every vital impulse slowly withers, as though they were cut flowers in a vase.

-- Bertrand Russell, Conquest of Happiness
 
> Boys, do you know why I never became a drunkard? 
  <br/>Because I never took the first drink.

-- John D. Rockefeller

> It is rarely that his purpose so possessed a man as to make him forget his own comfort, his own health, his own interests, and the happiness of those that serve him. I am more and more coming round to the Ibsen idea that truth must be sought at any cost, and to realize day by day more vividly that, in the words of Dr. Stay man, the greatest man is he who stands most alone. 

-- Henry Polak about Gandhi, in a private letter to John Cordes

> The Master in the art of living makes little distinction between his work and his play, his labor and his leisure, his mind and his body, his education and his recreation, his love and his religion. He 
hardly knows which is which. He simply pursues his vision of excellence in whatever he does, leaving others to decide whether he is working or playing. To him he is always doing both.

-- Some Zen Philosophy from the interwebs

> When I was 17, I read a quote that went something like: "If you live each day as if it was your last, someday you'll most certainly be right." It made an impression on me, and since then, for the past 33 years, I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: "If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?" And whenever the answer has been "No" for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something. 
> 
Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything — all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important. Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.
> 
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.
Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish.

-- Jobs

> People don't realise that in England, intellectual production dropped enormously when they relied on universities. Amateurs introduced science. Darwin was an amateur scientist. The amateur doesn't cheat; he's not in it for the title... Which is why I try to avoid the university.

--  Taleb

> Wooden is not complicated. He’s wise and interesting, but not complicated. He’s just a straight-ahead growth-mindset guy who lives by this rule: “You have to apply yourself each day to becoming a little better. By applying yourself to the task of becoming a little better each and every day over a period of time, you will become a lot better.”

-- John Wooden

> The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost

--  G. K. Chesterton
 
> There are things that must cause you to lose your reason, or you have none to lose.

-- Lessing
 
> A mans suffering is similar to the behavior of gas. If a certain quantity of gas is pumped into an empty chamber, it will fill the  chamber completely and evenly, no matter how big the chamber. Thus suffering completely fills the human soul and the conscious mind, no matter whether the suffering is great or little. Therefore the size of human suffering is absolutely relative.

--  Viktor Frankl
 
> There is only one thing that I dread: not to be worthy of my sufferings.
-- Dostoevsky
 
> Life is like being at the dentist. you always think that the worst is still to come,and yet it is over already.
-- Bismarck
 
> It did not really matter what we expected from life, but rather what life expected from us.
-- Viktor Frankl
 
> Live as if you were living already for the second time, and as if you had acted the first time as wrongly as you are about to act now!
- Viktor Frankl, Logotherapy
 
> And each successive shot was another loud, fateful rap on the door of my undoing.

-- Camus, Stranger

> Opting for coziness, having that as your prime reason for existing, becomes a continual obstacle to taking a leap and doing something new, something unusual, like going as a stranger into a strange land.

-- Pema Chodron

> Opinions are like farts, everybody's stinks but your own.

> The sins for which you cannot forgive yourself are the sins for which you will never be able to apologize.

-- from the book 'Zen Confidential'

> 1. Do not feel absolutely certain of anything.
> 2. Do not think it worth while to proceed by concealing evidence, for the evidence is sure to come to light.
> 3. Never try to discourage thinking for you are sure to succeed.
> 4. When you meet with opposition, even if it should be from your husband or your children, endeavour to overcome it by argument and not by authority, for a victory dependent upon authority is unreal and illusory.
> 5. Have no respect for the authority of others, for there are always contrary authorities to be found.
> 6. Do not use power to suppress opinions you think pernicious, for if you do the opinions will suppress you.
> 7. Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
> 8. Find more pleasure in intelligent dissent that in passive agreement, for, if you value intelligence as you should, the former implies a deeper agreement than the latter.
> 9. Be scrupulously truthful, even if the truth is inconvenient, for it is more inconvenient when you try to conceal it.
> 10. Do not feel envious of the happiness of those who live in a fool’s paradise, for only a fool will think that it is happiness.

-- Bertrand Russell (10 commandments for teachers)

> We act as though comfort and luxury were the chief requirements of life, when all that we need to make us happy is something to be enthusiastic about.

-- Einstein

> This is a good plan for life in general. If you have two choices, choose the harder. If you're trying to decide whether to go out running or sit home and watch TV, go running. Probably the reason this trick works so well is that when you have two choices and one is harder, the only reason you're even considering the other is laziness. You know in the back of your mind what's the right thing to do, and this trick merely forces you to acknowledge it.

-- Paul Graham
